Docs for PyMongo integration (#5469)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/guides/pymongo/index.mdx

```bash
pip install --upgrade 'sentry-sdk[pymongo]'
```

## Configure

To configure the SDK, initialize it before creating any of PyMongo's MongoClient instances:

```python
import sentry_sdk
from sentry_sdk.integrations.pymongo import PyMongoIntegration

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    integrations=[
        PyMongoIntegration(),
    ],

    # Set traces_sample_rate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    # of transactions for performance monitoring.
    # We recommend adjusting this value in production,
    traces_sample_rate=1.0,
)
```

<Note>

In the future, we will make this auto-enabling, so you won't need to add the `PyMongoIntegration` to your
`sentry_sdk.init()` call. Instead, the Sentry SDK will detect the presence of PyMongo and will set up the integration
automatically.

</Note>

## Other MongoDB libraries

PyMongo is an official synchronous driver for MongoDB. It means that many other Python libraries interacting with
MongoDB use it under the hood, like, for example `mongoengine` (always) or `umongo` (if selected from multiple available
drivers). Queries generated by those libraries will also be monitored.

> If you use a different driver (for example, `motor`, `TxMongo`), this integration won't work.

Reviewer: Hi,
we use `motor` in our project, and it also [uses](https://motor.readthedocs.io/en/stable/requirements.html) `pymongo` under the hood, so this integration will work (actually, I checked it by monkey patching the same integration some time ago, so I am quite sure in this)).

Author: Oh. Interesting. Didn't know it's built on top of pymongo. Expected it to be written from scratch. But indeed it depends on pymongo. Will update this fragment.

---
title: PyMongo

> redirect_from:
>   - /clients/python/integrations/pymongo/
>   - /platforms/python/pymongo/

Reviewer 2: There was no previously existing PyMongo page that we need to redirect from so this isn't necessary.

```suggestion
```

Author: Took it from FastAPI (as the most recently added integration), expected to be old addressing still available somewhere.

description: "Learn about using Sentry with PyMongo."
---

> The Pymongo integration adds support for [Pymongo](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/pymongo/) - the official MongoDB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Pymongo integration adds support for [Pymongo](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/pymongo/), the official MongoDB
```

driver. It adds breadcrumbs and performace traces for all queries.

## Install

Install `sentry-sdk` from PyPI with the `pymongo` extra:

```bash
pip install --upgrade 'sentry-sdk[pymongo]'
```

## Configure

> To configure the SDK, initialize it before creating any PyMongo's MongoClient instances:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure the SDK, initialize it before creating any of PyMongo's MongoClient instances:
```

```python
import sentry_sdk
from sentry_sdk.integrations.pymongo import PyMongoIntegration

sentry_sdk.init(
    dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___",
    integrations=[
        PyMongoIntegration(),
    ],

    # Set traces_sample_rate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    # of transactions for performance monitoring.
    # We recommend adjusting this value in production,
    traces_sample_rate=1.0,
)
```

<Note>

In the future, we will make this auto-enabling, so you won't need to add the `PyMongoIntegration` to your
`sentry_sdk.init()` call. Instead, the Sentry SDK will detect the presence of PyMongo and will set up the integration
automatically.

</Note>

## Other MongoDB libraries

PyMongo is an official synchronous driver for MongoDB. It means that many other Python libraries interacting with

> MongoDB use it under the hood, for example `mongoengine` (always) or `umongo` (if selected from multiple available

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MongoDB use it under the hood, like, for example `mongoengine` (always) or `umongo` (if selected from multiple available
```

drivers). Queries generated by those libraries will also be monitored.

> If a different driver is used (`motor`, `TxMongo`) this integration will not work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use a different driver (for example, `motor`, `TxMongo`), this integration won't work.
```

### Mongomock

> While `mongomock` can be used to replace `PyMongo` in tests it does not implement all features available in the official

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While `mongomock` can be used to replace `PyMongo` in tests, it doesn't implement all features available in the official
```
